Mom promised him
Anyway, there's really nothing wrong with our product.
I really bought a lot more money for Lao Jin
How dare our group give them half?
Ok, I promise you.
self-curling
Let's sign it
Li Min, did anyone not recognize the account at that time? Just sign it.
Ah, it's still you
Ah eat
Wow, how did you make a fortune?
10,000 bucks for a bottle of sweet potatoes like that
And entertained him.
Really useless
Luckily we have some hardware
But I want to be unlucky for the rest of my life
Chen Mei
Lady Chen Mei
Why are you here?
What are you doing?
I made a fortune in your house hahaha made a fortune
What kind of wealth?
There is a rich man in the city
It is said to be matched with the barren mountain behind your house
80,000 buy him
What? The emperor in my house is in tatters.
Yes!
Ah, no village chief
Are you kidding me?
Oh, I can joke. Oh, yeah.
If you sell it, hurry up and prepare the earth gas
I'll take you to sign the contract later
No way.
I'm going to find the trash of that business now
Bring the address
This can't go forward that kind of waste